(DOCSP-45646) Pillar content (#47)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/reliability.txt

.. default-domain:: mongodb

The Reliability pillar of the {+service+} {+waf+} includes features that
minimize downtime and prevent data loss, including support for high
availability and fault tolerance.

Use the following {+atlas-arch-center+} resources to learn about reliability
in {+service+}:

.. card-group::
   :columns: 2
   :style: extra-compact

   .. card::
      :headline: High Availability
      :url: https://mongodb.com/docs/TBD/high-availability/
      :icon: mdb_high_availability
      :icon-alt: Atlas high availability icon

      Create {+cluster+} configurations that meet your specific availability
      needs while satisfying your security and compliance requirements.

   .. card::
      :headline: Resiliency
      :url: https://mongodb.com/docs/TBD/resiliency/
      :icon: mdb_scheduled_work
      :icon-alt: Atlas scheduled maintenance icon
 

>       Use features in |service|, such as write concern and retryable database
>       reads and writes to maintain database's uptime regardless of infrastructure
>       outage and system maintenance. To prevent accidental {+cluster+} deletion,
>       enable termination protection.

Reviewer: Shortening to ~4 lines and including the recommendations
```suggestion
      Use features in |service| to maintain your database's uptime. Get recommendations and examples to build a resilient application.
```

   .. card::
      :headline: Backups
      :url: https://mongodb.com/docs/TBD/backups/
      :icon: mdb_backup
      :icon-alt: MongoDB backup icon

>       Configure database backup options in |service|, such as point-in-time data
>       recovery, and create consistent, cluster-wide snapshots of all {+clusters+}.
>       Store backups using native snapshots from your {+cluster+}'s cloud service provider.

Reviewer: Not sure these abbreviations will work in cards but lets give it a shot!
```suggestion
      Configure database backup options in |service| and get recommendations to meet your :abbr:`RTO (Recovery Time Objective)` and :abbr:`RPO (Recovery Point Objective)` requirements with consistent, cluster-wide snapshots of all {+clusters+}.
```
